src/sponsoring.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Sponsor Euruko 2022"
description: Sponsoring Euruko gets you the opportunity to reach an international group of talented and passionate developers
date: 2022-01-14T19:56:24Z
---

# What is Euruko?

Euruko is a Ruby conference organised annually, each year in a different European city chosen by the participants. In 2021 it was organised online, and in 2022 we’re organising a hybrid conference in Helsinki, Finland on the 13th and 14th of October. The venue we’ve selected is [Paasitorni](https://www.paasitorni.fi/en/about-us/history/), right in the heart of Helsinki.

# Keep Euruko affordable

Sponsoring Euruko gets you the opportunity to reach an international group of talented and passionate developers. Euruko is the biggest Ruby conference in Europe and one of the biggest in the world.

There’s a long tradition to keep Euruko tickets as affordable as possible to offer everyone the opportunity to attend and sponsors are an essential part of this.


# Facts about Euruko

* ~750 participants from Europe and elsewhere
* A two day, single track conference
* Well established in the community; it has been held since 2003 in Amsterdam, Athens, Barcelona, Berlin, Budapest, Karlsruhe, Krakow, Munich, Prague, Rotterdam, Salzburg, Sofia, and Vienna
* Some of the very best speakers from the Ruby community
* All talks will be streamed live, recorded, and published afterwards

# Sponsorship packages

|                                          | Bronze                    | Silver                | Gold                   | Ruby                   |
|------------------------------------------|---------------------------|-----------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
| Price                                    | €3,000                    | €5,000                | €8,000                 | €12,000                |
| Total number available                   | ∞                         | 8                     | 4                      | 2                      |
| Included streaming passes                | 5                         | 10                    | 15                     | 20                     |
| Included in-person passes                | 1                         | 2                     | 4                      | 6                      |
| In-person conference booth¹              | ❌                         | ✅ (size TBD)          | ✅ (size TBD)           | ✅ (size TBD)           |
| Virtual conference booth                 | ✅                         | ✅                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Dedicated Discord Channel                | ❌                         | ❌                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Conference pack inserts²                 | ❌                         | ✅                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Dedicated slide during conference breaks | ❌                         | ❌                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Logo at the beginning of each talk       | ✅                         | ✅                     | ✅ (own slide)          | ✅ (own slide)          |
| Logo on home page                        | ✅                         | ✅                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Company description on home page         | ❌                         | ❌                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Twitter promotion (from @euruko)         | ✅                         | ✅                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Job ads on the conference website        | +€500 (1 job, 200 chars.) | 1 job, 200 characters | 3 jobs, 200 characters | 5 jobs, 600 characters |

¹ The booth area available is subject to availability at the venue. Higher sponsorship levels may get more space. At each level booths are allocated on a first-come, first-served basis by purchase time.<br>
² Provided by the sponsor for the in-person attendees. Deadline for the inserts TBD.

# Other opportunities available

Do you have a fun idea? Let us know and we'll see what we can work out…

# Contact us

Email [sponsors@euruko.org](mailto:sponsors@euruko.org) to inquire about sponsorships.

Commit message:

Adds a note abut coffee and lunch

src/sponsoring.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Sponsor Euruko 2022"
description: Sponsoring Euruko gets you the opportunity to reach an international group of talented and passionate developers
date: 2022-01-14T19:56:24Z
---

# What is Euruko?

Euruko is a Ruby conference organised annually, each year in a different European city chosen by the participants. In 2021 it was organised online, and in 2022 we’re organising a hybrid conference in Helsinki, Finland on the 13th and 14th of October. The venue we’ve selected is [Paasitorni](https://www.paasitorni.fi/en/about-us/history/), right in the heart of Helsinki.

# Keep Euruko affordable

Sponsoring Euruko gets you the opportunity to reach an international group of talented and passionate developers. Euruko is the biggest Ruby conference in Europe and one of the biggest in the world.

There’s a long tradition to keep Euruko tickets as affordable as possible to offer everyone the opportunity to attend and sponsors are an essential part of this.


# Facts about Euruko

* ~750 participants from Europe and elsewhere
* A two day, single track conference
* Well established in the community; it has been held since 2003 in Amsterdam, Athens, Barcelona, Berlin, Budapest, Karlsruhe, Krakow, Munich, Prague, Rotterdam, Salzburg, Sofia, and Vienna
* Some of the very best speakers from the Ruby community
* All talks will be streamed live, recorded, and published afterwards

# Sponsorship packages

|                                          | Bronze                    | Silver                | Gold                   | Ruby                   |
|------------------------------------------|---------------------------|-----------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
| Price                                    | €3,000                    | €5,000                | €8,000                 | €12,000                |
| Total number available                   | ∞                         | 8                     | 4                      | 2                      |
| Included streaming passes                | 5                         | 10                    | 15                     | 20                     |
| Included in-person passes                | 1                         | 2                     | 4                      | 6                      |
| In-person conference booth¹              | ❌                         | ✅ (size TBD)          | ✅ (size TBD)           | ✅ (size TBD)           |
| Virtual conference booth                 | ✅                         | ✅                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Dedicated Discord Channel                | ❌                         | ❌                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Conference pack inserts²                 | ❌                         | ✅                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Dedicated slide during conference breaks | ❌                         | ❌                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Logo at the beginning of each talk       | ✅                         | ✅                     | ✅ (own slide)          | ✅ (own slide)          |
| Logo on home page                        | ✅                         | ✅                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Company description on home page         | ❌                         | ❌                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Twitter promotion (from @euruko)         | ✅                         | ✅                     | ✅                      | ✅                      |
| Job ads on the conference website        | +€500 (1 job, 200 chars.) | 1 job, 200 characters | 3 jobs, 200 characters | 5 jobs, 600 characters |

¹ The booth area available is subject to availability at the venue. Higher sponsorship levels may get more space. At each level booths are allocated on a first-come, first-served basis by purchase time.<br>
² Provided by the sponsor for the in-person attendees. Deadline for the inserts TBD.

# Other opportunities available

Do you have a fun idea? Let us know and we'll see what we can work out. For example, you could sponsor the lunch or coffee at the event.

# Contact us

Email [sponsors@euruko.org](mailto:sponsors@euruko.org) to inquire about sponsorships.
