src/tickets.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Euruko 2022 tickets"
description: Get your in-person or virtual ticket to Euruko 2022!
date: 2022-02-08T09:00:00Z
social_image: /images/social-tickets.png
---

{% render "tickets/listing", site: site %}

**⚠️ There are extremely few in-person tickets remaining (or perhaps none, depending on when you're reading this).**

You may be required to wear a mask and/or present proof of vaccination. [Current recommendations and restrictions in Helsinki](https://www.hel.fi/helsinki/coronavirus-en/information/recommendations-and-restrictions-effective).

By purchasing or accepting a ticket to the event you agree to follow the [Code of Conduct](/code) at all times during the conference.

Admission is at your own risk. Additional restrictions on entry may be imposed based on the prevailing circumstances. We reserve full rights to make changes to the event at any time. We have the right to refuse admission to the event. In the event of a cancellation of the in-person portion of the conference, we reserve the right to convert in-person tickets to virtual tickets and refund the difference in prices. Virtual ticket refunds will not be given for this event.

## Complimentary tickets

We have a limited quantity of free tickets available in the three categories listed below. The deadline for applications is the 7th of August, 2022. We'll send a reply to applications as soon as we can, but by the 14th of August at the latest. All decisions are final and cannot be appealed.

### Scholarship/diversity tickets

There are both virtual and in-person tickets available for members of historically marginalised or under-represented communities. Please note in-person tickets **do not** include travel or accomodation and our budget only allows us to give away a limited number of in-person tickets.

→ ~~Apply for a scholarship ticket~~ ⚠️ The application period has now closed

### Tickets for non-profits

If you run a non-profit that promotes tech skills or careers among historically marginalised or under-represented communities you can apply for tickets to give away to your attendees or members as you see fit. The exact number and type of tickets are decided on a case-by-case basis.

→ ~~Apply for non-profit tickets~~ ⚠️ The application period has now closed

### Ruby User Group tickets

If you run a Ruby User Group or meet-up you may apply for two free virtual tickets to raffle off at your next meet-up.

→ ~~Apply for Ruby User Group tickets~~ ⚠️ The application period has now closed

## Supporters

Euruko is brought to you by our [sponsors](/#sponsors), all attendees, and these fine people who were nice enough to splurge for a supporter ticket.

{% render "tickets/supporters", site: site %}

Commit message:

Change the ticket page content order

src/tickets.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Euruko 2022 tickets"
description: Get your in-person or virtual ticket to Euruko 2022!
date: 2022-02-08T09:00:00Z
social_image: /images/social-tickets.png
---

{% render "tickets/listing", site: site %}

**⚠️ There are extremely few in-person tickets remaining (or perhaps none, depending on when you're reading this).**

You may be required to wear a mask and/or present proof of vaccination. [Current recommendations and restrictions in Helsinki](https://www.hel.fi/helsinki/coronavirus-en/information/recommendations-and-restrictions-effective).

By purchasing or accepting a ticket to the event you agree to follow the [Code of Conduct](/code) at all times during the conference.

Admission is at your own risk. Additional restrictions on entry may be imposed based on the prevailing circumstances. We reserve full rights to make changes to the event at any time. We have the right to refuse admission to the event. In the event of a cancellation of the in-person portion of the conference, we reserve the right to convert in-person tickets to virtual tickets and refund the difference in prices. Virtual ticket refunds will not be given for this event.

## Supporters

Euruko is brought to you by our [sponsors](/#sponsors), all attendees, and these fine people who were nice enough to splurge for a supporter ticket.

{% render "tickets/supporters", site: site %}

## Complimentary tickets

We had a limited quantity of free tickets available in the three categories listed below. The deadline for applications was the 7th of August, 2022.

⚠️ Applications are no longer being accepted.

### Scholarship/diversity tickets

There are both virtual and in-person tickets available for members of historically marginalised or under-represented communities. Please note in-person tickets **do not** include travel or accomodation and our budget only allows us to give away a limited number of in-person tickets.

→ ⚠️ The application period has now closed

### Tickets for non-profits

If you run a non-profit that promotes tech skills or careers among historically marginalised or under-represented communities you can apply for tickets to give away to your attendees or members as you see fit. The exact number and type of tickets are decided on a case-by-case basis.

→ ⚠️ The application period has now closed

### Ruby User Group tickets

If you run a Ruby User Group or meet-up you may apply for two free virtual tickets to raffle off at your next meet-up.

→ ⚠️ The application period has now closed
